## What is "redirected target"?

Each redirected apps has its individual "redirected target" folder, external storage files read/written by them are located at this individual folder. Meanwhile, the target folder will be managed by Android system.

You can learn the benefits gained by being managed by Android system from [About redirect](About redirect.md).

## How should I choose "redirected target"?

At the latest version, Storage Redirect allows users to select the global settings of redirect target and the settings for their respective apps.

Currently we provide two choices. Please read the instructions carefully before making changes.

- Redirected to **the data folder (Default value. Users updated from old version need to change manually)**

  When your redirected apps may put important data into non-standard folders, recommend to choose the data folder as target. So you can prevent important data from being deleted while clearing cache.

  **Caution:** The data saved in the data folder isn't absolutely safe. Deleting app/Installing a package which signature is different than the original one/Clearing app data will cause the data folder to be cleared.

  The format of target path: `/sdcard/Android/data/<package_name>/sdcard`

  Example: WeChat writes chat pictures and files in non-standard folders. However, their server won't retain those pictures and files for a long time. Once redirected target folder is cleared, it might be hard to retrieve pictures and files in early chat. At this point, it is recommended to redirect to the data folder to ensure data security as much as possible.

- Redirected to **the cache folder**

  When your redirected apps won't put important data into non-standard folders or you make sure important data has been redirected / saved by yourself, recommend to choose the cache folder as target. So this allows the garbage files generated by redirected apps in external storage to be managed by the cache management of Android system as much as possible.

  **Caution:** The data saved in the cache folder is very unreliable. They may be considered as obsolete cache and cleared by the cache management of Android system or thrid-party software at any time.

  The format of target path: `/sdcard/Android/data/<package_name>/cache/sdcard`